+++
title = "E-Ink"
updated = 2025-11-11

[extra]
see_also = []
+++

# Dasung Paperlike U Series

## Quick Start 

### How to Connect to a Computer

Paperlike U Series has two versions: Wireless Version & Cable Version 

#### Cable Connection

1. Plug in the power adapter (DC charger) for power supply. Plug and play. 

1. Connect Computer with paper-like U via the supplied HDMI cable for signal output. If the computer has DP or Type-C port, please connect it with self-PUrchased DP to DP or Type-C to Type-C cable. Notice: The computer needs to have a full-featured Type-C interface or ThUnderbolt3 and above interface. The non-full-featured Type-C interface does not support video output function. 

#### Wireless Connection

1. Plug in the power adapter (DC charger) for power supply. Plug and play. 

1. Press "C" and buttons of the monitor to switch to the wireless video input function, and follow the prompts to connect. In addition. the wireless version can also support cable connection. Connect HDMl/DP/Type-C data cable to your computer and transmit signal, Note: 

For Android devices, please search for Paperlike-U-xxxxxx and connect via wireless projection function. 

For Apple devices, please connect via airplay function. 

Please make the distribution network operation first: 

(The WiFi password of Paperlike-U-xxxxxx is 12345678, please use mobile browser to access and connect to 192.168.49.1, click WiFi AP, then click Add Network, enter the WiFi name in Network SSID, enter the password in Password, click Submit, Wait for Paper-like U to be connected to the entered WiFi, and your mobile phone and Paperlike U will perform screen mirroring under the same WiFi.) 

> When processing the distribution network, you can connect to the WiFi currently in use by the mobile phone, or use the hotspot generated by the mobile phone.Please be aware of the data consumption when using hotspots. 

### Select a Suitable Resolution

The 16:9 ratio resolution is recommended to display full-screen on Paperlike U. 

##### Windows System
Right click on the desktop-select "Display Settings"-select "3200* 1800"resolution or other 16:9 recommended resolution- "Keep Changes". Choose the resolution on Mac system computer the same way. Choose the recommended system text scaling ratio or choose a suitable percentage. 

##### Mac System
When connected, the default display mode on Mac OS 12.1 version is mirror display, please reduce the resoiuaon to adjust the text bigger. The Mac OS version before 12.1, the default display mode is extended display, switch to mirror display mode, please select "Mirror this monitor"on "System Preferences". 

### Computer Optimization Settings
### _Windows

Please change the desktop background to pure white which is able to reduce ghosting, make the image clearer, display effect better. 

Please tum off eye protection software or night mode. 

### Physical Button Function

`C` 
: Remove Ghosting with One Press. 

`M` 
: Switch Display Mode: 
: - Video Mode ➤ Graphic Mode ➤ Text Mode 

`+` / `-` 
: Contrast Adjustment Button 

`☀`
: Warm-Cold Frontlight Button
: - Mixed ➤ Cold ➤ Warm ➤ No Frontlight. 
: > Mixed frontlight color temperature adjustment should be performed via client software. The supplied USB-B data is needed to be connected to Paperlike U so as to use the client software. [Software Download](www.dasung.com) 

`M` + `+` / `-` 
: Switch Ink Drop Blackness and Speed (The blackness of the ink drop is darker, the speed is lower). 

`☀` + `+` / `-` 
: Switch Frontlight Brightness 

`C` + `M`
: Restart
 
`⏻`
: Power
: **Memory function**
  : Press power button for more than 5 seconds to remember your favorite display mode, contrast & speed.

### Display Mode Instruction

According to the usage scenario to cross adjust the three dimensions of "Display Mode", "Speed" & "Contrast" to achieve optimized image & speed best display effect which can meet your eye-protection needs in working, studying and for entertainment purposes. 

Relieve your digital eye strain. Expand your view in an eye-friendly way. 

**Text Mode**
: Suitable for typing, text input. 

**Video Mode**
: Suitable for dynamic playbacks such as watching videos, online courses. 

**Graphic Mode**
: Suitable for pictures-web browsing, viewing photos etc. 

If you have any problem, please send email to contact@dasung.com 

 